# TDR-Codis-Desenvolupament-d-un-sistema-electr-nic-pel-control-d-un-actuador-ambsenyals-mioelectrics
I've uploaded the codes used in my final project of Batxillerat here. ABSTRACT  In this project I have developed an electrical system to settle down the bases for future projects linked with the electromyography, the science of controlling actuators with the electrical activity of the muscle known as EMG. The EMG is really interesting for spinal cord injury patients which they have full healthy mental activity.  The spinal cord injury is defined as a motor and sensitive paralysis that can affect the arms, legs and the entire body. This pathology normally affects young adults and it supposes serious psychological, economical and physical problems.  During the last decades, it has been tried to take advantage of the electricity produced on each muscle to activate and inactivate different systems to help those people who have at least one healthy muscle. The main schedule to make those interfaces are composted for the next steps: The muscle signal is caught for an electrode of a sensor. This signal is transformed, amplified and converted into a digital signal that a processor gets. As a result, the processor sends the digital signal into an actuator and this one acts with different orders, depending on the power of the initial signal.  To develop the idea, I have used the Myoware muscle sensor as the sensor and as the conditioning system as well. The Arduino UNO has been the microprocessor. As the actuator I have used a servo Parallax. After integrating all the hardware with the software I have validated the proper functionality.   To conclude, indeed, the signals we use to communicate inside our body are electric and, properly processed they can act to solve necessities what is especially interesting for the spinal cord injury patients.
